Wanna give too much of it away.
Cause I really want people to watch it because I mean, I've,
I've talked about cocaine Cowboys probably a hundred times in this podcast.
It's one of my all time. Favorite podcasts. You, excuse me all time.
Favorite documentaries. But this is, this is a story that almost writes itself.
It's so bonkers that and the fact that it all could have been avoided
if one guy paid another guy or just,
didn't try to rip him off for like four grand. Yeah.
Like nothing doesn't make any sense. It's crazy. Yeah. And the guy,
what a bizarre personality he was,
who would just tan every day and hang out at this doctor's office
in the waiting room, telling everybody how great it was.
Like the whole thing is so strange. Well.
Like that's everybody remembers it as like the Arod or aoid scandal, you know?
And, and the truth of the matter is that Alex Rodriguez was collateral damage.
Yes. In this whole thing. Yeah. It was not about him. Don't tell Alex that,
but it's not about him, you know, it's it, it was really the highest,
the career of the paid baseball player of all time
effectively ended over a $4,000 debt <laugh> between
this cocaine addicted, fake doctor and his fake tan addicted steroid patient.
Yeah. And it's like,
that's why I said it's like a Florida fuckery story straight up.
It's just like this classic only in Miami absurd farce and the, well,
that's what.
You specialize in.
<laugh> sort of really do you specializeize you specialize in Florida fuckery.
I go to your Twitter feed all the time for current Florida fuckery.
It's just it's.
Yeah. It's distilled. It's just like, it's pure.
It's a hundred percent much youuck Florida fuckery. Yeah.
Is just it's and that's what this story is to me. Cuz like Miami is just, well,
I say the great thing about me is it's so close to the United States,
but like it's <laugh> it's also like it's,
America's casalanca mm-hmm <affirmative> like just people kind of
flee to Miami from like all over the country and all over the world.
Usually leaving some kind of criminality in their wake. Yeah. And you know,
come here and kind of there and reinvent themselves, you know? Like it's just,
and then you have all of these criminals there who then kind of baking in the
sun, you know, in this kind of multicultural, paella,
you know that we have <laugh> and then they just like,
and then they start putting their,
their minds together and brainstorming and they hatch just the most in name,
schemes and scams.
Like that's our primary export from Miami is just schemes and scams. Well,
it's just so.
Amazing that it's still a cocaine culture too. After all these years,
it still has a giant cocaine engine pumping out all this
chaos.
We don't have any indigenous industry. <laugh> I mean,
there's no factory where everybody goes to work and then 30 years later gets a
watch. Right? There's no, no business there. It's Carl Heisen says,
all we produce in Florida is oranges and machine guns. We don't,
we don't make anything there. We sell the dream. We sell the sunshine, you know,
it's lies that came true. Yeah. You know, and so,
and even more frightening is the Miami of today is the America of tomorrow.
So it's like, there's a lot of lessons to be gleaned from down there.
But it's basically at this point, a money,
a real estate hustle and a money laundering capital.
So it's really no different than it ever was. Everybody likes to tell me, oh,
it's changed. It's grown. I'm like just cuz you've built a bunch of.
Doesn't mean we've grown. Right. And Miami is just like,
Miami is one of the youngest cities in the country in,
in your parlansu it would be about one person old or one and a half people ago.
Wow. Like one and a half people ago, you know like <laugh>, it's just,
we're the, we're one of the youngest cities, right? Um, barely a hundred,
just over a hundred, you know, and correct me if I'm.
Wrong. Cause I've said this before,
but isn't there more banks per capita in Miami than anywhere else? Well,
there certainly.
There certainly was. Um, before the, you know, the, the, uh,
the great recession when a lot of them started shutting down,
but most of them have rebounded. Uh, one of the clever things,
some of the real estate developers did was they opened their own bank,
literally their own bank.
They had a bank where the entire board of the bank were all real estate
developers.
And over no 90% of the loans the bank made was insider loans.
Oh, just to the board.
And then of course they went belly up in the great recession and what happened?
We bailed them out. Oh. So it.
Was all their own. So he bailed out real estate, salesmen.
Real estate who loaned themselves money.
That is wound up being backed ultimately by us, by the taxpayers. Yeah. I mean,
that's the old, remember the, I mean,
you hear that line all the time now that like, you know, um,
the people used to Rob the bank from the outside in now. It's yeah.
Now it's from the inside out, but no none could be trueer than, than,
than that story. And that's a Miami story.
And when the great recession happened,
the F D I C had to open an office in Florida cuz we had more bank closures than
any other state, uh, in the union. Cause we were like, you could go down there.
I mean, you could buy a mortgage for your dog at a drive-through in Miami,
in the, in like the, the late nineties, early Ts. And um,
I remember interviewing a guy, um, we were doing,
working on a project called Ponzi state, uh,
about the state of Florida as like a,
a case study in the great recession years ago. He never finished it,
unfortunately, but we're interviewing this guy and he says, um, you know,
we were, and this is pre like big, short,
like this before anybody sort of knew a lot about this. And he said,
we were down here in Miami setting fires and wall street was trying to read
our smoke signals.
That's why I say like the Miami of today is the America of tomorrow.
PH. It is such every time I go there, I always go,
I forgot how crazy this place is.
<laugh> you really should have to have a passport <laugh> it's it's but I love
it. I really do love it. It's a crazy place to do stand up. You know, I, I, I,
I did this joke cuz I was doing a Netflix special and I was doing it a cup
months after I did this gig in Miami. And so I was using those yonder bags.
You know what those are,
where people have to put their cell phone into this magnetic bag.
You keep the phone, but you hold the phone in the, if you want to use it,
you just have to step outside.
They open up the bag and they give you your phone in every other city,
it made for a better show because people just sat down and watched the show in
Miami.
It made for literally 40% of the crowd at any given time was getting
up and going to the back and using their phone and coming back in,
they were just constantly moving around and you presume.
It was to use their phone. They might be a bit powdering their noses.
They might.
Have been, but it was, they, you know,
there was because I had done gigs before that,
where they didn't have the yonder bags and this wasn't the problem.
But in Miami, just everybody needed to use their phones.
They just kept getting up and coming back and it was just chaos.
Well, it's also a selfish town. Like it's, it's a, basically a town, a town of.
Yeah. I mean really. And, and so like I, I always say that, I mean,
it reflects in everything that we do in the way that we behave,
certainly in the way that we drive, like believe it or not,
like people are so much more chill and calm here in traffic in LA.
I swear to God and LA was famous for like road rage,
like LA like created invented road rage,
but like Miami's such a crazy angry, weird place. Cuz it's like when,
when push comes to shove, we're in Miami, chill the out. Yeah. Like it's,
it's all good. It's a beautiful place. Like, and it's a shared experience.
The traffic sucks for all of us.
Just chill out and use your turn signal for crying out loud and just,
but that's why they, I say that's why they call it.
My it's not our Ammy or your Ammy it's my Ammy and stay outta my
am. It's just, I don't.
Are you seem to love it. You seem to thrive.
Yeah. I can't really function anywhere else. Uh <laugh> doesn't make sense.
It doesn't make any sense. It's and it's so frustrating too. I, I was, you know,
I'm, I'm a native Floridian and a lifelong Miami and, and I, for a while I was,
I was pretty determined, um,
to like leave trying a better Florida than the one I was,
I was born in <laugh> fail. They failed give up.
Man. Like one of my Ture is like, so inexorably connected to cocaine.
Um, one of my best friends, Steve Graham was an ophthalmologist.
He did his residency in Miami.
So he did his residency in emergency rooms in Miami.
And he was there in the eighties during like the height basically during when
cocaine Cowboys takes place. And he saw everything, just he,
I mean,
he had all these pictures of bullet holes and skull fragments and people with,
uh, light bulbs stuffed up their asses. And just,
he said every day was just CA chaos.
So we call a Miami idea everywhere else.
The light bulb goes off over your head in Miami. We shove it right up our asses.
He.
Said they had to pull a light bulb out of a guy's in one of those, uh,
ones that looked like a Christmas tree, those curly ones,
this guy stuck a light bulb off his and it broke in his. At.
Least he was concerned about the environment.
That's like one of those environmentally like sound like it is right. There.
Was no environmentally sound like bulb in the, they were just thicker glass,
like think, felt like he could get it in his better. <laugh>.
Well, we like that was the era to cut your teeth.
If you were a cop or a lawyer or a journalist or an ER doctor,
I remember talking to an ER doctor once he tells me a story 1980,
shortly after the marioiel boat lift started,
which I think everybody's kind of pop culture.
Frame of reference for the marioiel boat. Lift is Scarface.
Tony Montana was a Mario Lito. That's the beginning of the movie when you know,
Castro was ranting and raving that he's flushing the toilets of Cuba onto the
United States specifically to Miami. And um,
so he was working at the, uh, the, uh, trauma center, Jackson Memorial,
our emergency room, uh, in Miami. And he said he got a Marielle refugee.
These guys would stand on the beach. They would, um,
it looked like Havana in south beach, you know,
like there's that like coral sea wall in his,
just like it had a really Havana vibe. So they would go,
they would chill mostly at these flop houses,
south of fifth street in Miami beach where like the cops would literally just,
they would be leaving after a stabbing at one of these places.
And they'd be three blocks away. They'd get a call to go back.
Cuz now there was a shooting or something else.
They would be going there like a all around the clock. And so,
and they would just get in gun fights. Like literally it would just be like,
they,
someone would cheat at dominoes and they would just pull out a gun and one guy
would shoot the other guy.
And so he has a mural refugee who comes in to the emergency room with a gunshot
wound and he knew Spanish. He was bilingual. He said to the guy, he said,
you're really lucky. Cuz if this bullet had hit, you know,
a few centimeters or whatever, this way you would've died immediately,
you would've bled out right there on the scene, died instantly.
And guy splits a few days later,
another Muriel refugee comes in with a gunshot wound in exactly the same spot
where he had told the other guy that if he got hit there, he would've died.
Could never prove it never was able to trace it back.
But he was pretty well convinced that it was a revenge shooting. Oh,
for the other shooting.
And the guy knew exactly where to shoot him and kill him because the doctor had
told him, oh, where to do that. But that was like every day in Miami, the,
the lady who cuts my hair for Christ's sake, she said, Billy,
I was so naive in those days. You know, you, you, she, I cut people's hair.
You know, they come over, kiss her goodbye and put a tip in her, in her pocket,
you know? And she'd go home, turn her pockets inside out,
have our little crumbled bills and everything.
And one day she finds a little baggy of white powder.
That's something that one of her clients had slipped into her pocket as a tip.
And she said to her girlfriend, she says, what, what the hell is this?
And her friend said, oh, that's worth more than gold.
That's the best tip you got, you got all day that little baggy.
But that was just like the culture and it's. And it's, I mean,
it's not imagine that.
Anywhere else, like imagine that in like Nebraska,
someone tipping you in cocaine, people would be like, what? <laugh> what the,
what are you? What the are you doing?
Listen. It's just like, like I said, it's like, America's, casalanca,
it's just like, there's no place.
Like it. It's such a strange place. Yeah.
Everybody strange. Everything is for sale still. Yeah. Nothing. You know?
And like I said,
we are about a person old that's how far back Miami goes. I was.
Watching a video about, um, the.
Culture of renting super cars to people so that they can pretend that it's their
car huge in Miami. Yeah. Yeah. We got all these brick,
brick east a thousandaires you know, driving their rented Lambos. Yeah.
You know, and blowing the engines out on south beach.
Cause they don't know how to drive 'em you know? So they just,
you getting towed down the street is just listen,
it's a fake until you make it kind of town.
And there's nothing really to make there. You can't really,
other than a real estate hustle, money laundering, drugs,
politics being a crop politician. There's really no other way to make it.
There's not a real industry. No.
Not at all. There's a lot of professional fighters come out of, uh, Miami,
that whole area, coconut Grove and.
A lot of aggression, a lot of poverty. Yeah. It's a,
it's a third world economy down there.
The disparity between the haves and the have nots,
the income gap is widest and getting wider in miamidade county than
just about any city in the country or any, any metropolitan area in the country.
Wow. So, and that's why I said that Miami of today is the America of tomorrow.
If you want to know what challenges we'll face as a nation oramities
will befall us in the years to come. You need only look at,
at Miami TD Oman called it the Canary in the coal mine, the bellwether. And so,
you know, when, when, when the election was playing out the cycle in 2016,
I was like it, you know,
all my friends are just like this can't this Trump thing can't happen.
I was like, hang on. I was like Florida elected.
And in fact, reelected Rick Scott to be governor.
He is the biggest Medicare fraudster in the history of the United States.
Everybody knows it.
Everybody's aware of it very well publicized we've we reelected him. Okay.
We've we, we elected him twice as the top
executive in our state.
Like what makes you think that the United States of America wouldn't do that?
And I know it's fair to say, like, you know,
if you're gonna be the governor of the state,
you should know a little something about the largest industry in the state.
Like if you're gonna be the governor of Michigan,
you should have some familiar with the automobile industry and manufacturing and
in Florida, if you're gonna be the governor,
arguably you should know something about our biggest industry,
which is Medicare fraud. Basically. I mean,
you could argue that he's the most qualified man for the job. Oh yeah.
We got like Medicare fraud is, has,
is one of the largest industries has been for decades. I mean,
we have billions and billion of dollars in fraud that just comes, comes,
they run it. So they run it.
So you'll go into like little Havana or hieea for example, in, uh,
municipality, in, in miamiadee. And there'll be a little,
aunita sitting behind a desk,
half asleep and she'll be surrounded in this tiny little oneroom office
by little mailboxs, you know,
like PO boxes mm-hmm <affirmative> and a mailman comes in every day and just
puts checks in the boxes.
And they're like, in some cases they've stolen, um,
uh, social security numbers and, and CR you know, uh, uh,
stolen identities basically.
And some cases they're just old people who aren't aware that their mail is being
forwarded to this location. And they've just got, they,
I think Miami for a while, we had more Medicare,
uh, payments for HIV and aids medication than every other part of the
country combined. And it's all just old people. So it's like,
you would have to assume that a hundred percent of our elderly population
suffered from HIV had HIV were HIV positive. I means it's impossible.
You had female patients getting penis pumps that were paid for,
by what Medicare I Don didn't even know that Medicare covered that.
I gotta look into that, but, uh <laugh> but I know that was a thing. Well,
they had Obama.
Did you watch the Oxycontin express? Did you see the doctor I' seen now,
but that's all about how they would have the pain management centers and they
were connected to the pharmacies. You'd go to the doctor. Hey, my back hurts.
You'd go, well, you need this go right next door. And you just go, right.
All they would prescribe was Oxy. And.
Sometimes it wasn't even next door. Sometimes it was like to that window. Yeah.
Right next door. They say, show, show the doctor, your x-ray. Yeah.
You'd have to get your x-ray done somewhere else. Cause they weren't doing it.
So mm-hmm <affirmative> you'd hand the doctor,
your x-ray he'd look at it and go, oh. It was upside down. He wouldn't,
he wouldn't even be like, oh yeah. Oh. You,
you know what you need go to that window over there and fill this prescription.
And we had more pill mills. They called them in Broward county,
which is the county, just north of Miami Dade.
Then we had McDonald's locations and there was literally like the
Appalachian trail. They were coming down. Yeah. They were stocking up on Oxy.
And we were fueling a death epidemic like in, in Kentucky.
And they were pulling over <affirmative> more cars with Florida plates than
in-state plates up there because Floridians were like, well,
we can't let them have all the action. We'll drive up. And we'll export the.
And at the peak of the pill mill epidemic, the Oxy epidemic in Florida,
seven people a day were dying and women in children and,
and we subsist from hustle to hustle.
You wonder why didn't the government crack out on that?
Why didn't they regulate it? Well, first our governor and we,
we deal with this in screwball is the biggest Medicare frauds during the history
of the country. So he wasn't exactly.
Shall we say vigilant or interested in cracking down on
medical related fraud? How does he get away.
With it?
Magic ma Maga magic, I guess. I mean he, listen, he, he,
he got, he pledd the fifth amendment,
like 75 times in a videotaped deposition that was used in a campaign ad against
him and Florida was like, we're good. We're good with that. Uh,
and he just listen, white,
rich men kind of walked between the raindrops in this country.